# Adblock Fast

## General

### Info

**Website URL:** https://adblockfast.com/

**Support page URL:** https://adblockfast.com/#help

**Source code URL (public):** https://github.com/rocketshipapps/adblockfast

### EULA

**License URL:** https://github.com/rocketshipapps/adblockfast#license

**License text:**

Copyright 2015–2018 Rocketship <http://rocketshipapps.com/>

This program is free software, excluding the brand features and third-party portions of the program:
you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any
later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without
even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If not,
see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

**Privacy policy URL:** https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/216992

**Privacy policy text:**

Privacy Policy of Adblock Fast

Data Controller and Owner

Rocketship Apps, LLC, PO Box 702, Palo Alto, CA 94301, hello@rocketshipapps.com

Types of Data collected

Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties,
there are: Cookies and Usage data.

Other Personal Data collected may be described in other sections of this privacy policy or by
dedicated explanation text contextually with the Data collection.

The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or collected automatically when using this
Application.

Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this Application or by the owners of third
party services used by this Application, unless stated otherwise, serves to identify Users and
remember their preferences, for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the User.

Failure to provide certain Personal Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its
services.

Users are responsible for any Personal Data of third parties obtained, published or shared through
this Application and confirm that they have the third party’s consent to provide the Data to the
Owner.

Mode and place of processing the Data

Methods of processing

The Data Controller processes the Data of Users in a proper manner and shall take appropriate
security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized
destruction of the Data.

The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational
procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Data Controller,
in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the
operation of the site (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external
parties (such as third party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT
companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The
updated list of these parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time.

Place

The Data is processed at the Data Controller’s operating offices and in any other places where the
parties involved with the processing are located. For further information, please contact the Data
Controller.

Retention time

The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by
the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that the Data Controller
suspend or remove the data.

The use of the collected Data

The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its services, as well as for
the following purposes: Analytics.

The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document.

Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data

Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:

Analytics

The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can
be used to keep track of User behavior.

Google Analytics (Google Inc.)

Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the
Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its
activities and share them with other Google services.

Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising
network.

Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage data.

Place of processing: US

Privacy Policy: <https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/>

Opt Out: <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>

Further information about Personal Data

Push notifications

This Application may send push notifications to the User.

Additional information about Data collection and processing

Legal action

The User’s Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Data Controller, in Court or in the
stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related
services.

The User declares to be aware that the Data Controller may be required to reveal personal data upon
request of public authorities.

Additional information about User’s Personal Data

In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the
User with additional and contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and
processing of Personal Data upon request.

System Logs and Maintenance

For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third party services may collect
files that record interaction with this Application (System Logs) or use for this purpose other
Personal Data (such as IP Address).

Information not contained in this policy

More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Data
Controller at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.

The rights of Users

Users have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal Data has been stored and can
consult the Data Controller to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to
ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into
anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their
treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to the Data Controller at the
contact information set out above.

This Application does not support “Do Not Track” requests.

To determine whether any of the third party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests,
please read their privacy policies.

Changes to this privacy policy

The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving
notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to
the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to
the Policy, the User must cease using this Application and can request that the Data Controller
remove the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all
Personal Data the Data Controller has about Users.

Information about this privacy policy

The Data Controller is responsible for this privacy policy, prepared starting from the modules
provided by Iubenda and hosted on Iubenda’s servers.

Latest update: April 30, 2016

## Media

**Screenshots:**

![Extension benchmarks](chrome/screenshots/benchmarks.png)

![Owner’s manual](chrome/screenshots/manual.png)

**Icon:**

![Icon](icons/icon.png)

**Video:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvLKGxwmGxo

## Translations

### English (en)

**Summary:**

The world’s fastest ad blocker! Same blocking, 8x more accelerated page loading.

**Description:**

Adblock Fast is a faster, open-source ad blocker.

Just as webpages grew bloated with ads, so too have ad blockers grown bloated with little-used
filtering rules and features that sap their speed and hog your computer’s disk space, CPU cycles,
and memory. Adblock Fast runs a mere 7 optimized filtering rules to accelerate pages 8x more but
consume 6x less system resources than other ad blockers do.

See <https://adblockfast.com/> for details.

_Copyright 2015– [Rocketship](https://rocketshipapps.com/). Some rights reserved._
